text= ''' You can access support for ADHD in the workplace through the government's Access to Work 
scheme:   
1. Apply for support  
You can apply for an Access to Work grant online. You can also call the Access to Work helpline at 0800 121 7479 to check your eligibility.  
1. 2. Complete an assessment  
If your application is accepted, you'll go through an assessment to determine the support you'll receive.   
2. 3. Develop a support plan  
You'll work with an Appointed Assessor (ATW) to develop a support plan for your workplace.  The support you receive will depend on your needs.  
3. 4. Receive support  
You could receive support such as:  
• ADHD coaching   
• ADHD awareness training for your workplace  
• A personal assistant   
• Noise canceling headphones  
• Standing desks  
• V oice to text, task management, or mind mapping software  
• Flexible working patterns  
• A mentor   
• Additional time to complete tasks   
• Additional training   
• Regular meetings with your manager   
• A phased return to work  
We are very happy to support you to complete the access to work application if you would like 
any help I can email one of our coaches for you.  
 
20. How can I get help managing the costs of treatment?  
If you qualify for the NHS Right to Choose route, the NHS covers the cost of your assessment 
and titration. You’d only cover the NHS prescription charge (around £9.80) for medication. Privately, Care ADHD partners with Clearpay and Klarna to allow payment in instalments for the £299 assessment or the £499 titration package.  
 
21. Is Care ADHD part of the NHS ‘Right to Choose’ pathway? Yes. Our knowledge base confirms that Care ADHD holds an NHS contract allowing patients to 
use their Right to Choose for ADHD assessments and treatments with us, provided they have a GP referral and meet the relevant criteria.  
 
22. How do I book an appointment with Care ADHD? 
You can book in two ways:  
• Private:  Go to our website, register, and pay the £299. We’ll send you the questionnaires 
within working hours which are Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm  and then schedule your 
online assessment.  
• NHS Right to Choose:  Ask your GP to refer you to Care ADHD. Once we receive the 
referral, we’ll send you login details for our portal and get you booked in.  
 23. What qualifications do Care ADHD clinicians have? 
All clinicians are trained and experienced in assessing ADHD according to NICE guidelines. 
They may be on different professional registers (like the GMC or NMC), but each is qualified to 
provide an ADHD diagnosis and treatment. Our Chairman and Medical Director are GMC -
registered, but the assessing cl inician may be registered with another appropriate professional 
body. 
 
24. How do I provide feedback or raise concerns about my care? This isn’t detailed in the knowledge base. We can, however, direct you to contact us by phone at 
0204 525 0709 or by email at enquiries@careadhd.co.uk, as stated in the knowledge base. If you have a specific concern, you can email or call, and we will ensu re your feedback is escalated to 
the relevant team member.  
 
25. Can you help with ADHD -related mental health issues, like anxiety or depression?  
We do assess comorbid conditions using tools such as PHQ -9 (for depression) and GAD -7 (for 
anxiety) as part of our assessment. While our main focus is ADHD, we do identify symptoms of 
anxiety or depression and can incorporate that into the overall picture of your care. For 
specialised or ongoing mental health support beyond ADHD, we may advise discussing options 
with your GP or a specialist, because the knowledge base doesn’t mention in- depth treatment for 
conditions other than ADHD.
'''
